I know what's going on it's Lisa here
brought food for kids hope you have an
awesome day so far I am going to make
one of my favorite favorite soups oh it
just came back from Whole Foods and they
were lining at the pumpkins and it got
me thinking you know Halloween little
cooler temperatures it got me in the
mood for a little bit of a of a warm
soup and you know normally when you eat
high raw you tend to have a lot of cold
stuff and when it starts to get a little
cooler out you know it's understandable
that you want to maybe have something
that's a little more warm and comforting
if you're coming in from the cold
so last year I became a big fan of miso
soup and I've always loved miso soup and
it's very very good for you and it's
totally raw raw vegan as well and it's
so easy to make this has to be probably
the cheapest if you're on a budget the
least expensive so you could possibly
make and it's absolutely delicious and
it is just the easiest thing you can
make so let me show you do it so what
you want to do is you want to start off
with we're going to use water obviously
miso paste which pick up in your health
food store you want the sweet white miso
paste organic sweet white miso paste
stop with caution eight nine bucks it
lasts in the fridge for a very very very
long time used for salad dressings and
use it for just two you know it's kind
of a fermented salty flavor so I think I
used it in the Caesar dressing it's
really good stuff it will last a long
time you you don't need that much of it
I'm going to put in some green onions
that I've got the I've got four cups of
water here the ratio is one tablespoon
of miso paste - 1 cup of water and then
I've got the tops of two green onions
just the green part sliced really thin
and then I've got four mushrooms so one
mushroom per cup of water and it's
finished look how much mushroom it's for
yields when you slice it like paper-thin
okay so take your time with if you're
not comfortable the knife just slice it
as thin as you can all right so that's
it we have three ingredients really if
for if you want to count the water
alright so I have a camel you can do it
on the stove in the pot just heat up
some water
what I did was I he dipped the water it
was a little too hot I put it at three
cups so I could test it and then I added
some ice cubes to make it temperature
you want you basically you know I hear
115 118 is is kind of you don't want to
get past that before you start to
actually cook stuff I like to be on the
safer end I don't know if 118 is fine
but 119 is not fine I don't want to cut
it that close so I just stick my finger
in it I mean if I can hold my finger and
if it's something I you know babe might
the water I take a bath in or put my
kids in it's okay if I could take my
spoon and it's not burning me we're okay
I had a thermometer but I guess I need a
new battery it's a good thing I pulled
it out he gets to get the momma in and
see what the temperature is but um
alright so I got four cups of water in
here and see that I'm gonna add four
tablespoons of miso paste so good love
it more tablespoons of me soup I'm doing
the blender just to mix up this miso
really well you can do it by hand or in
a whisk or something but I saw foodies
here we love our blenders so why not so
just just mix this up
it's creamy
effective so now I just got the blender
on super well I'm just gonna stir in
that green onion and the mushrooms and
the hot water mushrooms will kind of
soak that up it's on low it's not going
to chop it she's gonna stir it up okay
folks
thirty seconds later we got beautiful
miso soup check it out
Asian Bowl stuff some little Asian soup
spoons just give it a taste
the only thing missing here normally
traditionally is a little pieces of tofu
she won't miss that so good beautiful
lunch in the wintertime you could eat
this every day with a nice pretty salad
nice beautiful salad and you hope it
gets to go so check this out Shh miso
soup all right starts gonna look cool
you're at just get these three
ingredients so easy and you can enjoy
yourself some nice soup and no one wants
to see it that's burning your mouth
anyways this is the perfect temperature
it's warm we didn't destroy any live
enzymes or anything mmm so good so
anyways hope you liked this recipe
please subscribe these videos you
haven't remember always eat happy foods
and please give me a thumbs up if you
like you need the recipes appreciating
comments check out the links below I'm
on Twitter Facebook all that kind of
stuff so anyways talk to you real soon
take care thanks so much for watching